Add Develop->Integrations section (#133)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/integrations/wallets.md

---
title: Wallets

> description: Explore blockchain wallets: securely manage digital assets with hot wallets for online access or cold wallets for offline, enhanced security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description to explore blockchain wallets: securely manage digital assets with hot wallets for online access or cold wallets for offline, enhanced security.
```

---

# Wallets

## What is a Blockchain Wallet?

A wallet serves as your gateway to interacting with blockchain networks. Rather than storing funds, wallets secure your private keys, controlling access to your blockchain assets. Your private key provides complete control over all permitted transactions on your blockchain account, making it essential to keep it secure.

Wallet types fall into two categories based on their connection to the internet:

> - [**Hot Wallets**](#hot-wallets) - online storage through websites, browser extensions or smartphone apps
> - [**Cold Wallets**](#cold-wallets) - offline storage using hardware devices or air-gapped systems

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [**Hot wallets**](#hot-wallets) - online storage through websites, browser extensions or smartphone apps
- [**Cold wallets**](#cold-wallets) - offline storage using hardware devices or air-gapped systems
```

## Hot Wallets

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-clock-fast:{ .lg .middle } __Talisman__

    ---

>     A better way to explore Web3. Keep your assets safe, manage your portfolio, and explore Polkadot and Ethereum apps with Talisman. Interact with Web3 apps, store your favorite crypto assets, and manage your accounts on over 150+ Substrate and EVM networks. NFT Management, ledger Support, fiat On-ramp, portfolio tracking.

Reviewer: Again, trying to avoid a marketing writing style here:

```suggestion
    With Talisman, you can securely store assets, manage your portfolio, and interact with Polkadot and Ethereum applications. It supports Web3 apps, asset storage, and account management across over 150 Polkadot SDK-based and EVM networks. Additional features include NFT management, Ledger support, fiat on-ramp, and portfolio tracking
```

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Reference](https://talisman.xyz/){target=\_blank}

-   :fontawesome-brands-markdown:{ .lg .middle } __Subwallet__

    ---

>     A non-custodial Polkadot, Substrate & Ethereum wallet. Track, send, receive, and monitor multi-chain assets on 150+ networks. Import account with seed phrase, private key, QR code, and JSON file. Import token & NFT, attach read-only account. XCM Transfer, NFT Management, Parity Signer & Ledger support, light clients support, EVM DApp support, MetaMask compatibility, custom endpoints, fiat on-ramp, phishing detection, transaction history.

Reviewer: Up to you, but I'd remove the `substrate` word here to avoid any confusion with the word Polkadot:
```suggestion
    A non-custodial Polkadot & Ethereum wallet. Track, send, receive, and monitor multi-chain assets on 150+ networks. Import account with seed phrase, private key, QR code, and JSON file. Import token & NFT, attach read-only account. XCM Transfer, NFT Management, Parity Signer & Ledger support, light clients support, EVM DApp support, MetaMask compatibility, custom endpoints, fiat on-ramp, phishing detection, transaction history.
```

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Reference](https://www.subwallet.app/){target=\_blank}

</div>

## Cold Wallets

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :material-clock-fast:{ .lg .middle } __Ledger__

    ---

    A hardware wallet that securely stores cryptocurrency private keys offline, protecting them from online threats. Using a secure chip and the Ledger Live app allows safe transactions and asset management while keeping keys secure.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Reference](https://www.ledger.com/){target=\_blank}

-   :fontawesome-brands-markdown:{ .lg .middle } __Polkadot Vault__

    ---

>     A cold storage solution that allows you to use a phone in airplane mode as an air-gapped wallet. Turn your extra phone, tablet, or other iOS or Android device into a hardware wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This cold storage solution lets you use a phone in airplane mode as an air-gapped wallet, turning any spare phone, tablet, or iOS/Android device into a hardware wallet.
```
